Some general comments on README (#5)
LeapMind/bluegrass: README.md

```
Please make sure your bucket is created. Check status from your [cloudformation console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home).

### Blueoil x Amazon SageMaker
#### Create an Amazon SageMaker Notebook instance for training with Blueoil
```shell
$ aws cloudformation create-stack --stack-name BlueoilSagemaker --template-body file://$(pwd)/deploy/sagemaker.yaml
```

#### Run training on Amazon SageMaker 
Open Jupyter/JupyterLab on the [Amazon SageMaker console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/). Find and run the notebook in the `bluegrass/blueoil_sagemaker` directory, e.g., [`blueoil_cifar10_example.ipynb`](./blueoil_sagemaker/blueoil_cifar10_example.ipynb) or [`blueoil_openimages_example.ipynb`](./blueoil_sagemaker/blueoil_openimages_example.ipynb) .  

### Blueoil x AWS IoT Greengrass
#### Create certificate files for AWS IoT Greengrass
Run following script.
```shell
$ deploy/create_cert.sh
...
Certificate files are created in certs/xxxxxx...xxxxxx

> certificateArn is "arn:aws:iot:ap-northeast-1:123456789012:cert/xxxxxx...xxxxxx"

Reviewer: NIT: Do we need to change this line? I think the value of `ap-northeast-1:123456789012` depends by the user's environment.

```
Please save your `certificateArn`, this will be used when creating Greengrass components in your AWS account.

In this sample, you need to run this command twice to create certicicates for each DE10-Nano device.

#### Create Greengrass components for DE10-Nano

> Run commands below, where `MODEL_S3_URI` will be set as a form of `s3://sagemaker-ap-northeast-1-123456789012/blueoil-sagemaker-2020-XX-XX-XX-XX-XX-XXZ/output/converted/output.tar.gz`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run commands below, where `MODEL_S3_URI` will be set as a form of `s3://sagemaker-xxxxxx/blueoil-sagemaker-2020-XX-XX-XX-XX-XX-XXZ/output/converted/output.tar.gz`. 
```

Same.
> NIT: Do we need to change this line? I think the value of ap-northeast-1:123456789012 depends by the user's environment.
